README.md, before:

# MyDreamLife

MyDreamLife is a side-project I created to give a TODO-list, and Itinerary for a new (exciting) life. It is designed for European people from 18 to 30 (mainly from Spain, France, Netherlands, Belgium, Germany and Italy) who want to move and try a new life abroad but don't know the process to do it.

The artificial intelligence of the app will give them, ste-by-step, the whole map for starting their dream life & doing it!


## It's not MyDreamLife.eu, but MyNewDream.eu!

Although both domain names were available, I distractedly typed a different name (maybe because I was speaking to people and drinking in the same time ...).

After the payment made, I sadly noticed my mistake, but it was already too late... Anyway, "MyDreamLife.eu" is actually "MyNewDream.eu"! There is worse in life!


## Requirements

* **Server** PHP 7.1 or newer
* **Database** MySQL/MariaDB 5.0.3 or newer


## Inventor & Author of MyDreamLife.EU

I'm [Pierre-Henry Soria](http://ph7.me). A passionate software engineer :smiley:

You can contact me at *hi {{AT}} ph7 {{D0T}} me*

![MyDreamLife Homepage Screenshot](screenshots/MyNewDream-web-app-homepage.png)


## Project URL

[https://mynewdream.eu](https://mynewdream.eu) :bowtie:


## License

Under [General Public License 3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html) or later.

Commit message:

README: Add "Setting Up" section

README.md, after:

# MyDreamLife

MyDreamLife is a side-project I created to give a TODO-list, and Itinerary for a new (exciting) life. It is designed for European people from 18 to 30 (mainly from Spain, France, Netherlands, Belgium, Germany and Italy) who want to move and try a new life abroad but don't know the process to do it.

The artificial intelligence of the app will give them, ste-by-step, the whole map for starting their dream life & doing it!


## It's not MyDreamLife.eu, but MyNewDream.eu!

Although both domain names were available, I distractedly typed a different name (maybe because I was speaking to people and drinking in the same time ...).

After the payment made, I sadly noticed my mistake, but it was already too late... Anyway, "MyDreamLife.eu" is actually "MyNewDream.eu"! There is worse in life!


## Requirements

* **Server** PHP 7.1 or newer
* **Database** MySQL/MariaDB 5.0.3 or newer


## Setting Up

1.Run `composer install` and `npm install` to install the project dependencies.
2. Create a database and import `database.sql` file.
3. Update your database details in `app/config/config.php`
4. Update `app/config/site.php` for the site details.

You are all set! 🚀


## Inventor & Author of MyDreamLife.EU

I'm [Pierre-Henry Soria](https://ph7.me). A passionate software engineer :smiley:

You can contact me at *hi {{AT}} ph7 {{D0T}} me*

![MyDreamLife Homepage Screenshot](screenshots/MyNewDream-web-app-homepage.png)


## Project URL

[https://mynewdream.eu](https://mynewdream.eu) :bowtie:


## License

Under [General Public License 3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html) or later.
